
sample_code - code of each individual duckweed sample.

sample_nr -  cup number of each sample.

group - assigned group of each each cup. 'C' is control group and 'A' is ALAN group.

day0_leaves - integers for number of leaves in each sample at beginning of experiment.

day7_leaves - integers for number of leaves in each sample after 7 days.

day14_leaves - integers for number of leaves in each sample after 14 days.

day21_leaves - integers for number of leaves in each sample after 21 days.

day28_leaves - integers for number of leaves in each sample after 28 days.

day35_leaves - integers for number of leaves in each sample after 35 days.

day42_leaves - integers for number of leaves in each sample after 42 days.

day42_deadleaves - integers for number of leaves that are whitened or decayed enough to be considered 'dead'. This was recorded for each sample after 42 days.

day49_leaves - integers for number of leaves in each sample after 49 days.

day49_deadleaves - integers for number of leaves that are whitened or decayed enough to be considered 'dead'. This was recorded for each sample after 49 days.

day28_TotalLeafArea_cm2)8 - approximate area of total leaves surface area measured using program 'LeafByte'. This was recorded for each sample after 28 days.

file_name - file name of each image of corresponding sample number used in calculating total leaf area.


File: leafcolours_severity.csv

img - image ID representing corresponding cup and sample number.

healthy - percentage of 'light' leaf area in image of a sample. ',' is the decimal place separator. This percentage is decided based on if the brightness of each pixel is higher than a certain threshold after subtracting the background. This was recorded for each sample after 49 days.

symptomatic - percentage of 'dark' leaf area in image of sample. ',' is the decimal place. This percentage is decided based on if the brightness of each pixel is lower than a certain threshold after removing the background. This was recorded for each sample after 49 days.

file_name - file name of each image of corresponding sample number used in leaf colour analysis.